feat: add `pre` caveat to `store/list` and `upload/list` (#423)
web3-storage/w3protocol: spec/capabilities.md

`cursor` can be set to start listing from an item in the middle of the list. Its value should be a `cursor` returned by a previous invocation of `store/list`
`size` can be set to change the number of items returned by an `store/list` invocation
`pre` can be set to `true` to return the page of results preceding `cursor` rather than the results after `cursor`. Defaults to `false`.

| field       | value                    | required? | context                                                         |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `nb.cursor` | string                   | ❌         | A cursor returned by a previous invocation                      |
| `nb.size`   | integer                  | ❌         | The maximum number of results to return                         |

> | `nb.pre`    | boolean                  | ❌         | If true, return previous page of results                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nb.pre`    | boolean                  | ❌         | If true, return the page of results preceeding the cursor |
```

`size` can be set to change the number of items returned by an `upload/list` invocation
`pre` can be set to `true` to return the page of results preceding `cursor` rather than the results after `cursor`. Defaults to `false`.

| field       | value                    | required? | context                                                         |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `nb.cursor` | string                   | ❌         | A cursor returned by a previous invocation                      |
| `nb.size`   | integer                  | ❌         | The maximum number of results to return                         |

| field       | value                    | required? | context                                                         |
| ----------- | ------------------------ | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `nb.cursor` | string                   | ❌         | A cursor returned by a previous invocation                      |
| `nb.size`   | integer                  | ❌         | The maximum number of results to return                         |

> | `nb.pre`    | boolean                  | ❌         | If true, return previous page of results                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `nb.pre`    | boolean                  | ❌         | If true, return the page of results preceeding the cursor |
```
